I guess what happened before, that little accident,
More than I wish, I'm like someone else,
I really didn’t mean to be confused by Humihu’s experience first.
After I wake up, you will leave with all your heart,
Been here for years. I just didn't expect that,
You may not have thought that you would be looking for me for so many years,
He also himself, even the previous things,
He was wrong more. I'll go,
I can't figure it out. Although it is not the original intention to deal with you.
You are also outstanding, but one thing I have suffered in the past five years is:
I can't do anything about it, so,
What happened in this film was not to show your back
In this film, you have only been looking for me all these years
I only contact you in this film
You said that I feel that there are no good companies that can become big
The truth of the story is that Mr. Zi will not forgive me because I have already left.
if you really feel sorry
Can I take you back to someone else?